Finding an exercise routine is hard. Keeping the same exercise routine is even harder. Our project is going to be an android exercise app, called ExerCYze. Our app will have the ability to create exercise routines, store workout information, and create graphs based on the progress you have made so far with the workout. Friends are good motivation to keep working out. To help keep our users motivated, they will have the ability to add friends, and view their friends routines and workout progress.

 

To build this app, there will be several parts that make it up. When the user first enters the app, they will be prompted to sign in or create an account. When they create an account, they will make a user profile that stores their name, age, height, and weight in a database. Once they're signed in, there are several pages they can view: workouts, progress, social, and user settings. On the workout page, they have the ability to create a workout routine, and view other workout routines they have created. If the user views an already made workout routine, they can choose to begin a workout session, and update their progress on the workout. On the progress page of the app, users can view progress graphs for individual workouts, and overall body weight. On the social page, users can add friends, and view friends profile pages. On the friends profile pages, users can view their created workouts and their progress graphs. Users can add friends through unique usernames that each user creates when making an account. On the user settings page, users can update their height, weight, name, and profile picture that will be displayed to friends. Every week, the app will prompt the user to update their weight, which will get stored and added to the progress page graph. All of these parts will come together and create ExerCYze.